# CS-230-Singleton-Game-Service

The Gaming Room is a video game company with an Android app, Draw It or Lose It, a game where a stock drawing is slowly rendered, and the players try to guess what is being drawn. The Gaming Room would like to create a web-based version of their game, and they need some help setting up the environment. </br>

In developing This software design doccument, I did well when it came  to describing the propsed strucutre of the game service. Additionally, I did well in my platform evaluations and reccomendation. I felt quite comfortable creating the UML diagram as well and found lucid chart to be a very intuitive tool. However, I struggled with the Design constraints. When it comes to writing design constraints, I find myself often re-iterating the design requirements. My first attempt at design constraints are not my first draft. I have revised them. I beleive that this new set of constraints are more in-line with what design constraints should represent. </br>


The part of the design doccument that helped the most with designing the code was the domain model and UML diagram. UML diagrams are excellent tools for getting the idea of a piece of software on paper before you write any code. Because the user wanted only one version of the game service running at any time. I took this requirement and implimented the singleton design pattern to fufil this requirement. It is paramount that you fufil the end user's needs when creating a piece of software because at the end of the day, you are not creating a piece of software for yourself, you are creating it for the customer. When writing the code for this project, I stayed as close to the UML diagram as possible, and if something needed to stray from the UML diagram, I would update the diagram. In the future, I will make sure to keep accuate and up to date program strucure documents. This approach will help me organize my thoughts. 
